docs: expand reverse tunnel port explanation (#44068)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/networking.mdx

| Port | Downstream Service | Description |
| - | - | - |
| 3021 | Proxy Service | Port used by Teleport Proxy Service instances to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |
| 3023 | All clients | SSH port clients connect to. The Proxy Service will forward this connection to port `3022` on the destination service or use a reverse tunnel connection. |

> | 3024 | Auth Service | SSH port used to create reverse SSH tunnels from behind-firewall environments into a trusted Proxy Service instance. All Teleport services (SSH, DB, App,...) connecting through the Proxy will use this port to form their reverse tunnel connection.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3024 | Auth Service | SSH port used to create reverse SSH tunnels from behind-firewall environments into a trusted Proxy Service instance. All Teleport services (e.g., the SSH Service and Database Service) connecting through the Proxy Service will use this port to form their reverse tunnel connections.|
```
- Using consistent service naming
- Making "connection" plural
